Add actions (#18)
opf/openproject-proto_plugin: README.md

Each section will list the relevant files you may want to look at and explain the features. Beyond that there are also code comments in the respective files which provide further details.

### Plugin Path in the OpenProject core App

> the files in frontend repository imports other modules in the core app with the `core-app/` prefix which is an alias pointing to `<core-app-root>/frontend/src/app` defined in the `tsconfig.base.json` file, be careful to update import path when configurations change

Reviewer: ```suggestion

JS files in `/frontend` import other modules in the core app with the `core-app/` prefix which is an alias pointing to `<core-app-root>/frontend/src/app` defined in the `tsconfig.base.json` file, be careful to update import path when configurations change.
```

just some typo fixing and minor (subjective?) readability improvements :)

Author: closing this. I realized i was pushing to the wrong repo and not our forked one.
